DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
DON'T TOY WITH ME, MISS NAGATORO
Senpai, Want to Go to the Festival?
Do you think they'll have candy apples?
Yeah, I'm sure they will.
Oh, yeah, the summer festival's today.
Senpai, want to go to the festival?
I feel sorry for you being so alone.
So I feel like I have to invite you.
I have a feeling Nagatoro's
going to make me go again.
KO!
Round 2! Fight!
Maybe I should be the one...
to invite her for once?
Ow...
Senpai, you're such a creep.
You're a total creep.
Creepy, creepy.
Creepy, creepy!
No! No! No!
No way. No way.
Why would I ask her?
Nothing but bluster.
KO!
I-I actually came.
I'm checking it out because
I'm bored. That's all.
Did you wait?
You're so late.
Guess I'll buy some yakisoba and go home.
Paisen located!
Located!
After him!
Roger!
I didn't realize you came
to festivals, Paisen.
That's surprising.
A surprising loner sea louse.
Surprise louse!
Wait a second. Did you come down here
thinking you might bump into Hayacchi?
Good on you.
N-No!
Too bad for you! She's doing stuff
with her club right now.
I-I see.
Bye.
Come on. You might as well spend
some time at the festival.
Come on!
No, seriously. I was just stopping by.
Hey, get the thing we
won in the raffle earlier.
Roger!
Got a Paisen!
Got him!
Sorry to keep you so late.
It's fine.
I've been getting out of shape lately.
Oh, yeah. Wasn't the festival today?
I know it's late, but do you plan on going?
I don't know.
What?!
You sent it to Nagatoro?!
I did.
She might actually come now!
"They're stealing my pet!"
Pet!
Who are you calling a pet?
Nagatoro's busy with her club.
You can't just demand it.
She's not coming.
Sorry, you had a club tonight, didn't you?
Actually, it ended early.
I was bored, so here I am.
Yeah?
A collar?
Hilarious.
Right?
Isn't it hilarious?
Hilarious!
Just take it off already.
That looks fun.
Give me.
We're taking Paisen.
If you want him back, fight for him!
Fight!
All right, then.
I don't care about Senpai,
but I accept your challenge!
Shooting Gallery
It's two-on-two.
The team that wins more
of the better prizes wins.
Okay.
Senpai, don't you dare drag me down.
I'm playing, too?
Here.
But I hit it!
You have to aim higher.
I did, though.
I didn't think you'd come to a festival.
I just wanted to get some fresh air.
Too bad. You missed.
Were you actually...
waiting for me to invite you?
O-O-O-O-Of course not!
She got it!
Bull's-eye.
If there's somewhere you
want to go with someone,
you could always try asking them.
Bam.
I think we won this.
Victory!
No, take a good look.
Look at how huge this Gesopie is.
We won by quality.
Not enough to make up for the numbers.
Right, Yoshi?
This Gesopie is a rare item, though...
Here, you can have it.
You've been collecting them, haven't you?
I love you, Hayacchi!
You bought her off!
And so...
I get Senpai!
Can you take this off already?
Oh, fine.
Later, Paisen.
Don't get caught next time.
Go back to the mountains!
What am I, an animal?
Want to go look around,
since we're here?
S-Sure.
Let's look around.
It's Like a Date, Huh, Senpai{?
Mine!
It's like...
Here!
Like...
It's like a date, huh, Senpai?
A d-d-d-date?!
That's for people who've gone through
the proper procedures first.
Just kidding.
I'd never go on a date with you, Senpai.
S-Stop it!
While we're at it,
why don't we try holding hands?
The fireworks are starting!
We're going to watch them, Senpai!
Stop pushing!
The fireworks here are awesome.
They blast off the big ones
one after another.
I-I mean, I've seen it before.
When would you have seen it?
When I was in elementary school.
That's such a long time ago.
What are you, a recluse?
Shut up!
Fireworks Venue
10m Ahead
It's so crowded.
The line hasn't budged at all.
The fireworks I saw last time...
Nagatoro, this way.
Hey, we're moving.
We gotta get there before it ends.
Senpai!
Nagatoro!
Th-This way.
What's this about, Senpai?
I-I'm pretty sure it's that way.
What are you doing,
taking me somewhere so quiet?
What are you going to do?
Here.
Well? Well?
I just remembered watching the
fireworks from here as a kid.
Hm...
I don't know, though, Senpai.
Is it really a good idea to drag a girl
into the darkness on a date?
Th-The darkness?!
Most people would be alarmed.
Th-That wasn't my intent.
You dragged me by force, too.
Were you about to do something sleazy?
Sleazy! Sleazy!
You're so sleazy for a virgin!
Here we go with Nagatoro's
virgin shaming again.
Actually, though...
Sleazy! Sleazy!
I know she can be a bit shy at times, too.
Something sleazy? Like what?
S-Something sleazy, as in...
something sleazy.
Details.
You know what I'm talking about.
No, I don't.
Give me more specifics.
Like...
Specifics. In exact terms.
What?!
Like throwing your arms around me by force.
And...
K-Kissing me and stuff.
That wasn't what you were
trying to do, was it?
I'm not!
Yeah, you never had a chance.
There's no way a virgin
like you could force a kiss.
A-And you can?
Sure, I can.
Look, it's another big one.
You're right. It's big.
Man, I wish I could have worn
my yukata to the festival.
Y-Yeah.
Senpai!
If there's somewhere you
want to go with someone,
you could always try asking them.
L-Let's...
c-come back next year, I guess.
You're right.
You'd better wear your yukata, too, Senpai.
G-Guys don't wear yukatas.
Sure they do.
I know, why don't we wear matching yukatas?
Matching yukatas?!
I'm kidding.
Who would ever wear
matching yukatas with you?
That's so gross!
No way!
Let's Go Home, Senpai
The first day of new term was painful.
I guess I'll go home and play Bragon Quest.
Again?!
Didn't you get asked out last week, too?
That voice!
I did, but...
So, who was it?
Who was it?
Hoshino-kun from Class 3.
Isn't he Aoi-chan's boyfriend?
It's the Nagatoro family.
That's hilarious.
I don't think I could go near that.
Hilarious!
Her group of friends is even bigger now.
She's been around me a lot lately...
but we live in totally different worlds.
It's like...
A mole living in a dark hole...
happened to pop up
in the midst of a gathering of jaguars.
Hey.
'Sup?
Damn, I'm so tired.
Sheesh, are you trying
to gain sympathy already?
Seriously, though, we get worked so hard.
You guys aren't even showing up
to your club meetings.
The club president was about to snap.
Damn, that president's scary.
No, thanks.
They're fitting in.
They hang out so effortlessly with girls.
I think that's the kind
of guy you need to be.
So anyway, Hayacchi, wanna go hang?
I think I'll pass.
Come on. I'll make it really fun.
Want me to come along if you
don't want to go one-on-one?
We'll make it a double date.
Wanna join, Yoshi?
Me! I wouldn't mind going.
Sweet, it's settled.
No, I'm not going.
Come on. We're just
sitting around blabbing.
Let's go.
We can decide where to go
once we're at the station.
Huh? Who's that?
Creeper?
Oh, no!
Who's that dude?
Hey, it's Paisen. 'Sup?
Yo.
What are you doing over there?
Come on over.
What? You know that kid?
What do you want?
N-No...
I-I, uh...
Let...
Let...?
Let's go.
What?
Wh-What the hell am I saying?
Come again? I couldn't hear you.
Yes, sir, let's hear that again.
Louder this time.
Let's go home, Senpai.
Bye.
Let's go, Senpai.
Y-Yeah.
All right. Let's go.
Huh? Okay.
What? Wait up!
Are you sure about just leaving them behind?
Why not? They're annoying.
A-Annoying!
I didn't expect that from
you, though, Paisen.
Paisen!
Huh? What?
I remember now!
You're the manga senpai!
Yeah.
He draws really pervy manga.
Ew!
I draw m-manga sometimes,
but it's not hentai or anything.
You don't need to lie,
Hentai Manga Sensei.
That's so gross, Hentai Manga Sensei.
Totally gross.
You have such a weird vibe.
Right?
Hentai manga aura.
It's oozing out of this puffball here.
Stop it!
Puffball!
He's going to put you into
a hentai manga, Sakura.
Oh, no!
Look out for the hentai manga vibes.
Hilarious.
I really don't fit in here.
Points of improvement for today.
Why didn't you invite me
to the festival, Senpai?
You were actually dying to go, weren't you?
Th-That's not true.
It's not really manly, just waiting
for something good to happen.
B-But...
But?
I'm glad I got to go w-with you.
E-Ew!